# ajax
Papa,
From the day I came from home in October, almost every day at least 10 times I dial your number and then cut it. Sometimes the ring goes and I speak normally to you, but never got the courage to say what I wanted to say. Ven this letter might not say everything I want to say, but I am trying my best.
I know you are the best dad any child can ever have, and you have showed that a million numbers of times even now when you came to Hyderabad and met Aswin’s family in chutneys. I tried to tell you that we are going to meet them, but it’s my end of miss communication that you both were shocked after seeing them. Mummy showed all her grief on her face, but you were as patient as you are every time.  You could have been a brutal father too but you are a great person first and then a father, and that’s the reason I am most thankful to god. 
I have seen number of villains in life, never got a chance to tell you about them, or maybe I was scared that it will hurt you even more. I am not sure if some of these talks you got from mummy. Anyways, it’s not about past anymore I cannot change that. So, I have seen many villains in life, but only 1 super hero and that’s you my superman. I never said this to you, but that’s how I describe you when people ask me about you. Since childhood we have seen how you took care of mummy and all of us. You used of have just few clothes and we had a cupboard as a celebrity would have. Now when I get this salary I feel I cannot afford so many things, don’t know how did you afford everything I asked for, even before asking. It will be a mystery for me for life time. Even while writing this some 100 of tears are rolling down my cheeks, don’t want you to witness them. 
The day I realized how much you trust me, how much you love me …. I had only one dream in my life, I never told you just wanted to fulfil it –“to make you proud at least once in my life”. When I came to Hyderabad I was really striving to fulfill this dream. I was preparing hard for interviews again because a software engineer at Verizon can never bring me that satisfaction, it will never be enough to make you proud.  When I got offer from amcat for 8 lpa , I felt ok is that money I am looking for… the answer was a straight no. then what is that I want. That day when I talked to you on phone you told me one thing try to do something that you become important for the company. And that hit my mind …………………
Then I met my business team in Verizon and got few options, one of them was to become a data scientist. Then I started looking for institutes to learn that, and Vijay helped a lot in this. The fee was 4 lacs, almost next to impossible for me to arrange and don’t want to burden you more. Only solution was scholarship… now the race began only 20 days and scholarship test, just like a cat exam + technical coding interview. I studied hard for 5-6 days and then enthusiasm was gone. Next day Vijay introduced me to his friend who got this scholarship last year, and the way he described it I was pretty sure I won’t get it. I already paid 3000/- for the registration. Days passed I worked harder but was full of fear never showed it to anyone, but I used to be lost somewhere. 
Finally the test day came, I am nervous like anything as if they are going ask me to walk on fire. I went to the place everything was turning out to be worst my laptop is not getting on, exam time started they won’t give extra time, my mind was blown up; I was getting hyper with every second passing. 30 minutes passed and finally laptop turned on, I started the exam answered first question wrong and getting more down that was very easy one, time is running and 49 questions more to go.  I recollected my thoughts and said to myself who knows this is my last chance to make my dad proud and I finished that 50 question 1 hours exam in just 30 minutes, with 48 questions as correct, that could be 49 correct because first one was damn easy, but its ok, that is the maximum anyone scored till now at insofe, next was stats coding round for 2 hours and I became more nervous because I don’t know stats, I said  Radhasoami n started the exam n completed it in 1 hour, both coding problems solved, questions answered. Then I asked the instructor if you want I can optimize my code n he was shocked that girl who was 30 min late for exam completed 1 hour before that too with correct solutions. He wrote my name on paper went to db room to check my score n came back to say you have to come tomorrow for next rounds. 

But that was not an official confirmation. I called you again, I was nervous but then you said “koi baat nhi hoga to na sahi” . I became normal, and I got a message for next round by evening. 
Next day there were 3 rounds Personal interview, technical interview and GD, but I was a different version of myself this time. And here was the last question in my interview from the founder of INSOFE—“look bharti you scored highest in our exam, you have great resume to look on, but I will give only 4 scholarships out of which at least 3 should be fulltime, it’s a loss for me to give you 1 without weekdays internship. So if you are not ready to leave your job I cannot give it to you. The probability is very less”. To this I answered by smartly to him, wherever there is probability there is variance, I cannot leave my job, rest is your wish.
I did not feel bad about it because I knew my determination to make you proud is strong enough to get a way, if not insofe then somewhere else. But thank fully I got through and I was that 1 to get 100% fee waiver without working ……………… 
It was just a battle beginning the real fight started then n there, when the schedule was mailed to me all sat sun blocked morning 9 to 6 , rest 5 days in office, no one to serve good food like home . Sometimes sat sun early morning breakfast was not ready left empty stomach for class and you know about my health conditions very well. It was a big roller coaster ride for me.

Then a point came when I left 2 most important classes of my career when I came to Delhi—“linear n logistic regression”, that is what I do at work every day now. I was lost I don’t know what is happening in classes, and when I came back to Hyderabad we had a competition in office DPL our team was losing and we have to make a short film and I took another leave form insofe I was like shattered off. Then there was one person Aswin, he was always my friend but at this time, he was the one who brought my morale up, who made me realize I am the same bharti who can do anything, he made me study everyday by encouraging asking status every day. He was my friend from long but never saw this side of him before. I used to stay late at office to study after my work is done till 10-11 like that. he used to take status everyday like a coach, then scold me if I did not do well in my minor exams, and slowly-slowly I was back on track, no rest no sleep, but full of energy. We had euphoria after that for which I was practicing dance with his group, we became best friends. We started knowing each other, but only thing he liked about me was I am passionate about doing something good in my life and become super girl of a superman. I did not knew that liking would be that intense that he is planning to be my best friend forever. Finally after one month of practice, we performed on stage and I did a big mistake, but still performance went very well, everyone applauded a lot, we became rock stars of Verizon. Mailbox full of appreciations, the very same day I got recognition for excellence in work I delivered and I was on cloud 9. That day I felt, I hope you would be here witnessing me receiving this award. Every time I got 3rd prize in college but never felt good about it, never felt big enough to call you on stage, but now I was being first for the first time in life. But then maybe it was not enough…………………. And then next day we all went for dinner the whole group, he came with his family and he expressed what he feels in front of his parents. He had guts to say that I was shocked, he told his parents that’s why I was not seeing matches you were forcing for. I was not sure at that time, what to say and days passed. Finally my course was approaching end, it was September and final exams were coming. I was preparing for exams but workload increased and I was not able to devote much time. I was feeling down but still struggling, I felt that I am wasting everything, what if I don’t get cmu certificate. My job might also come at risk, the way I am performing.
2 exams were over, not very good, but fine. And there was toughest of all on Sunday –The Advanced machine learning, I studied till 2 o clock at night n next day morning I woke up at 5 o clock , and the worst happened I became sick I was not able to get up from my bed , I was few hours away from drowning all my dreams. Only one thing was going on in my mind that time. If you would be here, things could be different, I felt helpless…….. I felt I will lose everything for a moment.  It was a similar situation to what happened in college when I had my DC final exam in BPIT Rithala and early morning I got sick and you took me to hospital, woke up Jyoti doctor. I had injection and medicine, vomited in the lane. We came back home and I ate bread n chai, and then you took me to examination center in auto in night clothes everyone was looking at me. When I gave the exam I became better and I realized what if you were not there I would have failed for the first time and have to give supplementary exam.  The condition was same but superman was not with me, and then my phone rang he called me to wish all the best but my voice was breaking/ fumbling he understood I am not well. He asked do I need any help, I said no I am fine. Then he asked again its ok I am nearby I can come n drop you if you want you don’t look alright. And I collected all my courage recited benti and changed my clothes in all pain came down with my bag, and sat in his car, I tried to behave I am fine, but I was not. It was like the hardest exam I gave. He dropped me n wished me all the best; I gave the exam not very well but still ok. That was the day I saw your reflection in him, I know it’s not enough to select a partner for lifetime, but if someone has 1% of you then he is worth being life partner. No girl apart from mummy is lucky enough to get a perfect partner like you. It is impossible to have another you in this world, he might not be superman but he is at least a good man I can rely on. I don’t know whether he is the best for me or not, but he reminds me of you, and that’s enough for me to decide. My whole life I will feel protected with someone who is like my superman.

But they journey has not come to any end… it’s just a start. There is a line that inspires me the most- “To be someone great one day, you have to do something special everyday…………… and to do that something special, you have to bring out the best in you every day”. Someday I hope I will get over all the bumpy roads and finally have that day.
Most of the times we dont talk, but still understand each other, I hope these bumps wont create big differences between 2 of us and you will still love me the same.
